RedR Australia Disaster Simulator Instruction Manual

Flash Drive Edition Beta 0.0.1

WINDOWS 10 ONLY
CHROME IS RECOMMENDED 

1. Download from Flash Drive:
(Optional to download from flash drive into the computer)
Insert the flash drive into the USB port on a computer. In the flash drive there is the main file containing all the contents of the RedR Australia Disaster 
Simulator. Select the main folder 'RedR-Disaster-Simulator' and copy it into the desired location on the computer.

2. Start Disaster Simulator:
If the Disaster Simulator is being run from a flash drive, go to 2.1. If the Disaster Simulator is being run from a computer location go to 2.2.

2.1. From Flash Drive:
Insert the flash drive into the computer and go to the flash drives files. Find the 'RedR-Disaster-Simulator' folder and click into it. Inside the folder is a file
called 'RedR Disaster Simulator.bat'. This bash script can be double clicked on to execute the RedR Disaster Simulator. This may take a moment as the files and 
server is loaded and ready to use. A new web browser will load with the Head Quarters perspective, if the web browser is not Chrome, copy the URL from the current 
browser and open Chrome and enter the URL into the URL address area. If this does not work go to 5.1.

2.2. From Downloaded Files in PC:
After downloading the Disaster Simulator from the flash drive, find the 'RedR-Disaster-Simulator' folder in the desired location it was downloaded to and click 
into it. Inside the folder is a file called 'RedR Disaster Simulator.bat'. This bash script can be double clicked on to execute the RedR Disaster Simulator. This 
may take a moment as the files and server is loaded and ready to use. A new web browser will load with the Head Quarters perspective, if the web browser is not 
Chrome, copy the URL from the current browser and open Chrome and enter the URL into the URL address area. If this does not work go to 5.1.

3. Run the Simulation:
Once the Head Quarters perspective has been opened, go to select file and select the desired scenario file that will be simulated. Then click begin. The perspective 
should change and have the title of the scenario as the header of the page.

4. Exiting Simulator: 
After a simulation is completed or an immediate exit is necessary, simply close the browser and close the command line terminal(s).

5. Trouble Shooting:
If there are any problems in the software, please email riley.grice.uni@gmail.com

5.1. Simulation not Starting Up:
If the Simulation does not open the web browser with the Head Quarter's perspective after click the bash script, please restart your computer and try again.
